fix(cache): Don't refetch a watcher for the asynchronous write of its own initial fetch (#387)
apollographql/apollo-kotlin-normalized-cache: CHANGELOG.md

- [Improvement] Reduce allocations and copies in the SQLite cache: stream records straight out of the query buffer, and slice large records instead of boxing them byte by byte (#383)
- [Improvement] Don't build the max age field path when the `MaxAgeProvider` is a `GlobalMaxAgeProvider`, which ignores it (#383)
- [Fix] Cache headers set on the client are no longer discarded by a call that sets cache headers of its own. Whether the two were merged used to depend on the order the options were set in (#379)

> - [Fix] `watch` no longer emits a second time for the cache write of its own initial fetch when using `writeToCacheAsynchronously`. That write lands after its response has been emitted and after the watcher has subscribed to the cache, so the watcher used to be notified of a change it had just made itself and refetched to emit data the caller already had. Cache changes made anywhere else still notify it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Behavior change] `watch` no longer emits a second time for the cache write of its own initial fetch when using `writeToCacheAsynchronously`. That write lands after its response has been emitted and after the watcher has subscribed to the cache, so the watcher used to be notified of a change it had just made itself and refetched to emit data the caller already had. Cache changes made anywhere else still notify it (#387)
```
